Afflictions do not decay over time (#157)
Leafwing-Studios/fonts-of-power: rulebook/src/rules/combat/acting-in-combat/actions.md

### Treat (1 AP)

Attempt to treat the maladies of a creature within a 1 tile range, curing a single ailment or mitigating a single affliction of your choice.
You are always within range of yourself, and so can target yourself with this action.

> Select a ailment or affliction. If you succeed on a difficulty 10 Focus (Medicine) skill check, remove all stacks of an ailment or half the stacks rounded up of an affliction of your choice from your target. If your result was 15 or higher, remove all stacks of that affliction instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a ailment or affliction. If you succeed on a difficulty 10 Focus (Medicine) skill check, remove all stacks of an ailment or half the stacks, rounded up, of an affliction of your choice from your target. On a smashing success, remove all stacks of that affliction instead.
```
